final codepen url:  https://codepen.io/prazinc/pen/mdWpowR?editors=1100




    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        tags with meanins
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Markup Language that displays data but does not execute tasks
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        special flags inside the tags that dont render on the page
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        the important header - biggest text.  should only be used once on a page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tag and image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        stylesheet
    7. What is an id? 
        titles that ccan only appear ona single element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once 
    10. What is a class? 
        selector used to identify an element - can be used on more than one element 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any element 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        multiple times  
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target=_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        alternate text if the image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
        # id name 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        div is an empty container and section contains grouped information 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        adding style and layout to a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{   }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class can select more than one element o a page while an id can only select one element 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        . class name 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{   }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        selects elements that are children of the the parent element - when styling lists 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div{ }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        styling for a specific part of an element 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        place your plain text inside /* */ marks
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        dir 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm file name 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to monitor revisions and edits 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        often - every 10-20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork
        cd to directory you want to use
        clone
        cd into repo
        git checkout -b create a branch
        git addgit commit
        git push
        open/create pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 